philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left) fork
philo 2 has taken a (right) fork
philo 2 is eating
philo 3 has taken a (left) fork
philo 3 has taken a (right) fork
philo 3 is eating
philo 4 has taken a (left) fork
philo 4 has taken a (right) fork
philo 4 is eating
philo 1 has taken a (left) fork
philo 1 has taken a (right) fork
philo 1 is eating
philo 2 has taken a (left